GNOMONS MONOAO NOÆDE BOOJUM PHOTONIC PROVOLONE BLOWOUT NALOXONE ARROYOS SPOROZOIC ¿HOLA?? ¿ABACUS LATAKIA LUAUS QUASAR CAVALLA SEAWANT PIRAYAS OBJECTIVE SUBTEEN OBVIOUS CRABWISE DEBYES CÆSAREA SONICVISION COLICWEED SCYTHE BEFALL FÆRIES NORDFJORD BEGGAR GÆLERE RINGTAW ANERGY DOGVANE BIGWIG BANJAX HOJÆH HAJJES BOOTJACK OROSLAVJE BLOWJOB MARYJANE BUCKOES GELCAP KILLJOYS MELTON CUMULUS VALVED MILLWORK ANALYZE ACMES RAMJETS PROMOTE BITMAP COMTES TUMULOUS NAVMVAT HOWMWORLDS POLYMYXIN IMPAIR GLØDEPÆRE PROPJETS RIPVET UPWIND SPYING GPXPATCH SHEQALIM PARTED SERVICE FORWHY MISÆRE MITSVAH IMPROVS SWAMPS WINDOWSXP PSXLINUX GROSZY VIZSLAS STÆRRI SAMVÆR WÆRON URBYÆ ECOSYSTEMS PÝÞAGÓRAS ÓÞÆGILEGA FARÞJÓFUR SÁPUÞVO MISÞYRMA [HYÞTRO HYÞWRO HYÞXRO] TOPOĽČIANKACH KORČUĽOVANIE ODTIAĽTO VEĽVYSLANECTVE OCEĽŽELEZO GROẞTEILS FUẞVOLK LAẞWITZ KUMYẞ? 

»AHOHA« »ÆHOH HOC« HOF« »JOHO HOK« HOL« HOĽ« HOP« HOR« »TOHOT« «TOHOT» »VOHOV« «VOHOV» »WOHOW« «WOHOW» «XOHOX» »XOHOX« »YOHOY« «YOHOY» »ZOHOZ« —AHOHA— —ÆHOH HOC— HOF— —JOHO HOK— HOL— HOĽ— HOP— HOR——TOHOT— —VOHOV— —WOHOW— —XOHOX— —YOHOY— —ZOHOZ— \\UHOJ//HO//OHO\\OHU//HO//ALOHA\\OH\\VOHOV//ÆHOH\\WOHOW//HOF//JOHOL\\HOĽ\\TOHOT//HOP//ONÞ//HONÞ\\JOLR\\HOS//SWOS\\SOH\\YOHOY//FUẞ\\FUẞ// A'A'ALOHA'  A'Æ'ÆLOHA 'J'JOHOĽ’L’L A“A‘A’A”ALOHA” “ALOHA“ A“Æ‘ÆLOHA™ HOB™ FUẞ™ HOL™ HOĽ™ A”Æ’ÆLOHAĽ?” “J‘JOHO?! ”J’JOHOL?“ ¿THOĽ’L” ¡THOĽ‘L“ ¿VOLT ¡VOLT ¿WOLT ¡WOLT ¿YOLK ¡YOLT HOB} HOB] HOB) {OHOHO} [OHOHO] (OHOHO) HOP} HOP] HOP) HOÞ} HOÞ] HOÞ) {SOHOS} [SOHOS] (SOHOS) HOK&HOT&H&TOH HOV&H&VOH HOW&H&WOH HOY&H&YOH HOH:T:T:HOH HOH:V:V:HOH HOH:W:W:HOH HOH:Y:Y:HOH HOL@JOH HOK@TOH HOT@VOH HOV@YOH HOY@WOH HOW@XOH HOX@AOH HOA@ÆOH HONO.ONOD.HONF.HONP.HONÞ.HONJ.HONT.TONU.UNOV.VONW.WONY.YONC.JON 

buckoes photonic provolone blowout naloxone arroyos sporozoic cramps baffoon batter cavalla seawant pirayas sonicvision colicweed scythe serða eyðing banker paster ravers bowel lynxes slyer futzed sofar infect afghan fïlk ginkgoes rotgut avgases gewgaw foxglove zygoid fizgig kumyß mikado envier enwrap unyoke bossom insult mitsvah improvs swamps windowsxp psxlinux ecosystems groszy vizslas fußspuren großteils fußvolk laßwitz egypťané traťovou päťjazyčný štvrťhodiny dvadsaťštyri trinásťčlenná dešťů chvíľach topoľčiankach oľga iľjič veľkolepým neobývateľné uvoľňovanými súľovských spracovateľský boľševickej odtiaľto ľuďoch veľvyslanectve oceľželezo

¿onod ono‘onono’ono ono'ono ono.ono nono\\ono//onon {o}{onono} [o][onono] (o)(onono) nono? ¿nod non‘nonan’non non'non //nosarin\\ nonon? //ınonı\\ {ı}{ınonı} [ı][ınonı] (ı)(ınonı) ¿anon ona‘anona’ano ona'ano ona.ano nona\\ana//anon {a}{anona} [a][anona] (a)(anona) nona?¿bond noc‘conoc’con noc'con noc.con noc\\conoc//con noc} noc] noc) nonc?
noď— noď? noď™ noď‘ noď’ noď' noď. nonoď\\ nonoď// noď} noď] noď) nonđ! nonđ? nonđ‘.“.‘ nonđ’.”.’ nonđ'.'. nonđ*. noð‘ðonoð’ðon noð'ðon noð.ðon noð\\ðoð//ðon {ð}{ðonoð} [ð][ðonoð] (ð)(ðonoð) one‘enone’eno one'eno noe.eon none\\ene//enon none} none] none) none? nonf. nof‘fonof’fon nof'fon nof.fon nof\\fonof//fon {f}{fonf} [f][fonf] (f)(fonf) nonf? nonf™. nonf*.* nonf'. ¿gnod nog‘gonog’gon nog'gon nog.gon nog\\gog//gon {g}{gonog} [g][gonog] (g)(gonog) nong? onïiïno nïbon nïjon onï‘ïnonï’ïno onï'ïno nonï\\ïnï//ïnon {ï}{ïnonï} [ï][ïnonï] (ï)(ïnonï) ¿jono \\jonon {jono [jono (jono noł.łon nonk— nonk& nonk« nonk\\ nonk? nor. nor// nor} nor] nor) nor? nos‘sonos’son nos'son nos.son nos\\sos//son {s}{sonos} [s][sonos] (s)(sonos) nos? ¿noß” noß// noß\\ noß} noß] noß) no?) ¿tono not‘tonot’ton not'ton not.ton not\\tonot//ton {t}{tonot} [t][tonot] (t)(tonot) not? ¿uno onu\\unonu//uno ¿von nov//vonov\\von nov.von {v}{vonov} [v][vonov] (v)(vonov) nov ¿won now//wonow\\won now.won {w}{wonow} [w][wonow] (w)(wonow) now? »xonox« //xonox\\ —xonox— nox? ¿yon noy.yon noy//yonoy\\yon {y}{yonoy} [y][yonoy] (y)(yonoy) noy? ¿zon »zonoz« //zonoz\\ {z}{zonoz} [z][zonoz] (z)(zonoz) noz? .’.‘. .*. .'. ,', «hold»? »hold«? dîbîkîîtîlîiî ībīdītījīkīlīšīhīfīčīģīķīžī ífílíbíkíhížíjíšíříčíťíðíñíňíiíéíáíóíþíľ lìdìtì 

Aaron anoAona angAgna narAnos nasAsan notAfon nofAton Auna HAvAvinivAH HAwAwiniwAH HAyAyiniyAH norÆnos Æïno nofÆnon navÆvron nawÆwona anyÆyanos Btajjel Byet Bwat Cïno Cīno Ctena Cxevalo Efida Etap Fando Fænø Femdo Fino Fïno Font Fgura Fjord Fsied Fylfot Fvxarume Fwltur Gwon Gyon Gvard Jïno norJohn Kali Kðno Kfc Kino Kïno Kono Ksenya Ktern Kwik Kyle Kvæven Lvon Lwon Lyon Mfg. notMtn. onyMyra onwMwra onvMvra nexOxen Psari Rara Rora Rummer Rsar Rtra Ryen Rwanda Sforza Style Svelte Swarthy Sxajni Sykes inaTano ināTāno nocTcon nočTčon noðTðon noæTæon nofTfon monTnom aniTino anïTïno anīTīno angTıTınokTon anōTōna norTron anoToncTon nosTson Tteok anuTuon anwTween anvTveen anyTyna noxTxan nozTzon naVanotVton ināVāno nocVcon nočVčon noðVðon noæVæon nofVfon norVron aniVino anïVïno angVıVıno anoVoncVokVon nonVnon nosVson anuVuno Vwayaj Vxirvn anyVyno nozVzon naWanotWton ināWāno nocWcon nočWčon noðWðon noæWæon nofWfon aniWino norWron anïWïno angWıWıno anoWoncWokWon nonWnon nosWson anuWuno anyWyno navWvno nawWwno nazWzon  naYanotYton ināYāno nocYcon nočYčon noðYðon noðYðon noæYæon nofYfon aniYino norYron anïYïno angYıYıno anoYoncYokYon nonYnon nosYson anuYuno anyYyno navYvno nawYwno nazYzon Xanthi Xfar aneXtan aneXuxa nioXoni aniXino anïXïno anyXyna Xsaqarik Xtara Xwiek Zfalšovat Zino Zïno Ztlumit whyZygos howZwei nöTönöVönöYönöWön nøTønøVønøYønøWøn TæreVæreYæreWære noßTnon noßVnon noßYnon łUłEłNłOłAłKłEłTłCłPłSłWłDłGłMłBłRłŁłZłotki

äTäVäWäYä āTāVāWāYā åTåVåWåYå čTčVčWčYč īTīVīWīYī ïTïVïWïYï ğTğVğWğYğ ňTňVňWňYň ēTēVēWēYē ěTěVěWěYě ëTëVëWëYë řTřVřWřYř ôTôVôWôYô öTöVöWöYö ōTōVōWōYō šTšVšWšYš ūTūVūWūYū ůTůVůWůYů ÿTÿVÿWÿYÿ ỹTỹVỹWỹYỹ žTžVžWžYž

—1001— —70107— —3010 —20/47/10 10510 10410 10470 10740 372461 9776 101\401 104\701 101\101 107//401 10,001 13,301 17,101 10,701 18,801 16,901 19,601 {010} {107} {202} {303} {404} {505} {606} {808} {909} [010] [107] [202] [303] [404] [505] [606] [808] [909] (010) (107) (202) (303) (404) (505) (606) (808) (909) ·1 ·7  7·  0·0 1·1 2·2· 3·3 4·4 5·5 6·6 7·7 8·8 9·9 107A4F4 HOL7Æ7J700 K4L4T4V4W4X4Y4Z4 7a7æ7b7c7d7e7g7h7l7m7n7o7ø7œ7p7q7r7s7

if bdpq are different from the o then check replace o in the appropriate strings.
